Got a socket.
Student 6 here: 
Today's lecture will contain 15 sentences.
Sentence 0 of lecture.
Sentence 1 of lecture.
Yes, Student 0, what is your question?
Who first had this idea?
Student 0,that is an excellent question. The answer will become apparent in the remaining lecture material. 
Sentence 2 of lecture.
Sentence 3 of lecture.
Yes, Student 3, what is your question?
Who first had this idea?
Student 3,that is an excellent question. The answer will become apparent in the remaining lecture material. 
Yes, Student 2, what is your question?
Would this piece be an appropriate paper topic?
Student 2,that is an excellent question. The answer will become apparent in the remaining lecture material. 
Yes, Student 1, what is your question?
Who first had this idea?
Student 1,that is an excellent question. The answer will become apparent in the remaining lecture material. 
Sentence 4 of lecture.
Yes, Student 4, what is your question?
Will this material appear on the exam?
Student 4,that is an excellent question. The answer will become apparent in the remaining lecture material. 
Yes, Student 11, what is your question?
Should we study the secondary literature on this piece?
Student 11,that is an excellent question. The answer will become apparent in the remaining lecture material. 
Sentence 5 of lecture.
Yes, Student 5, what is your question?
How did this piece influence later thinkers?
Student 5,that is an excellent question. The answer will become apparent in the remaining lecture material. 
Sentence 6 of lecture.
Yes, Student 9, what is your question?
Would this piece be an appropriate paper topic?
Student 9,that is an excellent question. The answer will become apparent in the remaining lecture material. 
Sentence 7 of lecture.
Sentence 8 of lecture.
Sentence 9 of lecture.
Yes, Student 6, what is your question?
What was the long-term significance of this piece?
Student 6,that is an excellent question. The answer will become apparent in the remaining lecture material. 
Yes, Student 7, what is your question?
Would this piece be an appropriate paper topic?
Student 7,that is an excellent question. The answer will become apparent in the remaining lecture material. 
Yes, Student 8, what is your question?
Where was the author living when the piece was written?
Student 8,that is an excellent question. The answer will become apparent in the remaining lecture material. 
Sentence 10 of lecture.
Yes, Student 13, what is your question?
Would this piece be an appropriate paper topic?
Student 13,that is an excellent question. The answer will become apparent in the remaining lecture material. 
Yes, Student 10, what is your question?
Should we study the secondary literature on this piece?
Student 10,that is an excellent question. The answer will become apparent in the remaining lecture material. 
Sentence 11 of lecture.
Sentence 12 of lecture.
Yes, Student 14, what is your question?
Will this material appear on the exam?
Student 14,that is an excellent question. The answer will become apparent in the remaining lecture material. 
Yes, Student 12, what is your question?
When was this piece first published?
Student 12,that is an excellent question. The answer will become apparent in the remaining lecture material. 
Sentence 13 of lecture.
Sentence 14 of lecture.
Class dismissed
Class was dismissed. Student 6 leaving classroom.
Walking out of classroom...
